docs:  Add additional information and tips to Backup & Restore Usage Documentation Page & Shopping List (#4843)
mealie-recipes/mealie: docs/docs/documentation/getting-started/features.md

- Main Courses: This cookbooks has all the recipes that have the **Dinner** category
- Pasta Sides: Recipes that have both the **Side** category and the **Pasta** tag
- Dessert Breads: Recipes that have both the **Bread** category and the **Dessert** tag

> - Make Later: Recipes that have a **Want To Make** tag

Reviewer: I don't think that is a good example here, because you would want to remove that tag after you have made it.

Author: Maybe a note on there to remove it afterwards as this is actually one of my most used cookbooks currently as opposed to removing it? 

Other than a manual 'tag' search for that (which I would need to remove manually as well) - The cookbook is the fastest way to see that.

Reviewer: I use favorites or the meal planner for that, but I can see that use case.
Let's not add an additional note to that, just adds clutter

The shopping lists feature is a great way to keep track of what you need to buy for your next meal. You can add items directly to the shopping list or link a recipe and all of it's ingredients to track meals during the week.

Managing shopping lists can be done from the Sidebar > Shopping Lists. 

Here you will be able to:

> - See list of already added items to the Shopping List

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- See items already on the Shopping List
```

- See linked recipes with ingredients
    - Toggling via the 'Pot' icon will show you the linked recipe, allowing you to click to access it. 
- Check off an item

> - Add / Change / Remove / Sort Items via the '3x3' grid icon

Reviewer 2: I'm not certain what is meant by this. Perhaps you're referring to the button that is 3x4?

Author: Yes, I didn't realize it was 3x4 since most of the grids that I come across are 3x3. Is there a formal name for that button that I could use instead?

Author: I changed to 3x4 and also included an image.

    - Be sure if you are modifying an ingredient to click the 'Save' icon.
- Add / Change / Remove / Sort Labels
    - 'No Label' will always be on the top, others can be Reordered via the 'Reorder Labels' button

!!! tip

>     If you accidently checked off an item, you can uncheck it by expanding 'items checked' and unchecking it. This will automatically add it back to the Shopping List.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you accidentally checked off an item, you can uncheck it by expanding 'items checked' and unchecking it. This will add it back to the Shopping List.
```

It isn't really automatic, as you're taking manual action to do it.

Author: True. My thought was that it doesn't stay in the 'checked off' area and instead moves back to the top lists. I'll adjust the language.

    
!!! tip

>     Along with Smart Handling, you can toggle 'Food' on individual items so that if you add multiple of the same food / ingredient, Mealie will automatically combine them together. Do this by editing an item in the Shopping List and clicking the 'apple' icon. If you added "1 | cup | cheese" and "2 | cup | cheese" this would be combined to show "3 cups of cheese" Please note this cannot be undone once items are combined. 

Reviewer 2: Without context, even I don't know what "Smart Handling" means here. Think that needs simplified for a new user.
I don't have exact wording, but maybe keeping this tip much simpler and linking people to the FAQ that guides them on how ingredients get combined.

Author: Updated to hopefully clarify and linking to FAQ section.

The shopping lists feature is a great way to keep track of what you need to buy for your next meal. You can add items directly to the shopping list or link a recipe and all of it's ingredients to track meals during the week.

Managing shopping lists can be done from the Sidebar > Shopping Lists. 

Here you will be able to:
- See items already on the Shopping List
- See linked recipes with ingredients
    - Toggling via the 'Pot' icon will show you the linked recipe, allowing you to click to access it. 
- Check off an item

> - Add / Change / Remove / Sort Items via the grid icon (![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad59a5ea-2ee5-4c6c-9002-9312f018290f))

Reviewer: We should not rely on github to host our images. 
You can use the `docs -> docs -> assets -> img` folder. 
The images also have a bit much margin towards the bottom making them stick out (see screeshot below)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/47de1e08-9695-4e24-904e-fb0bd2679a12)

Author: As these appear to be SVG files, is there a way I can use that code to draw it vs uploading the image? Would that be preferred instead of a static image perhaps? 

For example:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/80ecbabf-ffbd-4878-9217-422f97d351cf)

= 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6386180c-31ef-43c9-b65e-c5492f4cebdb)

Author: Removed images for now.

    - Be sure if you are modifying an ingredient to click the 'Save' icon.
- Add / Change / Remove / Sort Labels
    - 'No Label' will always be on the top, others can be Reordered via the 'Reorder Labels' button

!!! tip
    If you accidentally checked off an item, you can uncheck it by expanding 'items checked' and unchecking it. This will add it back to the Shopping List.

!!! tip
    You can use Labels to categorize your ingredients. You may want to Label by Food Type (Frozen, Fresh, etc), by Store, Tool, Recipe, or more. Play around with this to see what works best for you.
    
!!! tip

>    You can toggle 'Food' on items so that if you add multiple of the same food / ingredient, Mealie will automatically combine them together. Do this by editing an item in the Shopping List and clicking the 'apple' icon (![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0925c88b-77aa-4446-8539-2ee436243e15)). If you then have recipes that contain "1 | cup | cheese" and "2 | cup | cheese" this would be combined to show "3 cups of cheese."

Reviewer: This is not contained within the Admonitions box

Author: Sorry, whats the 'admonitions box' ?

Reviewer: It is the item you use to place your tips in (See docs [here ](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/))
Currently the text is not inside of the box so there is just an empty field that has text writen in it. 
I think you might have to fix the indentation. It differs from the other ones. 

Screenshot below. 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9989a628-ecef-4482-9929-b5b5b932eb2e)

Author: Oh gotcha, will do. Preview doesn't show me that for some reason... Perhaps I should be doing it in vscode instead so I can watch the changes live vs just Github Preview.

Reviewer: Ah ok, if you follow this guide you should be able to get a dev env started up pretty easily. 
then `task` will list all availlable commands and `task docs` will spin up a live version of the docs site locally.
